It's okay, Shengsheng
Mom is just showing you around
You haven't seen the room your mother prepared for you
Yeah go
Go to the second floor with mom
This is the room.
Or when you were a kid
Mom, um, tell Shanshan a bedtime story
Haosheng doesn't want to hear bedtime stories
Can mom sing a song for Shengsheng?
I want to sing and dance for my mother
More than white
Big eyes are shining
Shanshan
Do you remember?
That little bear doll
The way you sang and danced with him as a child
Really cute so cute
That's mom in this world
Hear the most beautiful song
This is the same room as it was 13 years ago.
But I'm not from 13 years ago
I think I'm staying in a hotel.
It's not for me.